com/example/hackathon_backend/filters/JwtRequestFilter.java
 com.example.hackathon_backend.filters.JwtRequestFilter
com/example/hackathon_backend/exceptions/MissingParametersException.java
 com.example.hackathon_backend.exceptions.MissingParametersException
com/example/hackathon_backend/exceptions/WrongPasswordException.java
 com.example.hackathon_backend.exceptions.WrongPasswordException
com/example/hackathon_backend/exceptionhandler/ProgramExceptionHandler.java
 com.example.hackathon_backend.exceptionhandler.ProgramExceptionHandler
com/example/hackathon_backend/security/JwtUtil.java
 com.example.hackathon_backend.security.JwtUtil
com/example/hackathon_backend/exceptions/MissingFieldException.java
 com.example.hackathon_backend.exceptions.MissingFieldException
com/example/hackathon_backend/services/user/UserServiceImpl.java
 com.example.hackathon_backend.services.user.UserServiceImpl
com/example/hackathon_backend/models/dtos/UserRegisterResponseDTO.java
 com.example.hackathon_backend.models.dtos.UserRegisterResponseDTO
com/example/hackathon_backend/controllers/UserController.java
 com.example.hackathon_backend.controllers.UserController
com/example/hackathon_backend/models/dtos/ResponseDTO.java
 com.example.hackathon_backend.models.dtos.ResponseDTO
com/example/hackathon_backend/models/dtos/UserLoginDTO.java
 com.example.hackathon_backend.models.dtos.UserLoginDTO
com/example/hackathon_backend/exceptions/WrongUsernameException.java
 com.example.hackathon_backend.exceptions.WrongUsernameException
com/example/hackathon_backend/filters/CorsFilter.java
 com.example.hackathon_backend.filters.CorsFilter
com/example/hackathon_backend/models/httpresponse/HttpResponse.java
 com.example.hackathon_backend.models.httpresponse.HttpResponse
com/example/hackathon_backend/exceptions/UsernameAlreadyTakenException.java
 com.example.hackathon_backend.exceptions.UsernameAlreadyTakenException
com/example/hackathon_backend/security/SecurityConfigurer.java
 com.example.hackathon_backend.security.SecurityConfigurer
com/example/hackathon_backend/exceptions/ProgramException.java
 com.example.hackathon_backend.exceptions.ProgramException
com/example/hackathon_backend/exceptions/LoginException.java
 com.example.hackathon_backend.exceptions.LoginException
com/example/hackathon_backend/repositories/UserRepository.java
 com.example.hackathon_backend.repositories.UserRepository
com/example/hackathon_backend/services/user/UserService.java
 com.example.hackathon_backend.services.user.UserService
com/example/hackathon_backend/exceptions/NoSuchUserException.java
 com.example.hackathon_backend.exceptions.NoSuchUserException
com/example/hackathon_backend/exceptions/RegisterException.java
 com.example.hackathon_backend.exceptions.RegisterException
com/example/hackathon_backend/models/dtos/UserRegisterDTO.java
 com.example.hackathon_backend.models.dtos.UserRegisterDTO
com/example/hackathon_backend/models/User.java
 com.example.hackathon_backend.models.User
com/example/hackathon_backend/HackathonBackendApplication.java
 com.example.hackathon_backend.HackathonBackendApplication
com/example/hackathon_backend/models/Message.java
 com.example.hackathon_backend.models.Message
com/example/hackathon_backend/config/Config.java
 com.example.hackathon_backend.config.Config
